If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
 No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." 
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. 
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything. 
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I’m not afraid... I was BORN for this!
Whatever you are willing to put up with is exactly what you will have.
There is a fire inside. Sit down beside it. Watch the flames, the ancient, flickering dance of yourself.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
I have always known that at last I would take this road, but yesterday I did not know that it would be today.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Life is not discovery of fate; it is continuous creation of future, through choices of thoughts, feelings and actions in the present.
You were born an original. Don’t die a copy.
Is life not a hundred times too short for us to stifle ourselves?
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
The pen that writes your life story must be held in your own hand.
Every choice before you represents the universe inviting you to remember who you are and what you want.
Men weary as much of not doing the things they want to do as of doing the things they do not want to do.
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
The path to our destination is not always a straight one. 
It takes great courage to faithfully follow what we know to be true.
Our background and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but we are responsible for who we become.
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all Mankind.
There is more in us than we know. If we can be made to see it, perhaps, for the rest of our lives, we will be unwilling to settle for less.
We all live under the same sky, but we don’t all have the same horizon.
If it doesn’t feel right, don’t do it. That is the lesson, and that lesson alone will save you a lot of grief.
The time is always right to do what is right.
The goal of childhood is to become an individual; the goal of adulthood is to give that individuality away.
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get someone else to pay you for doing it.
The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials.
Hands that serve are holier than lips that pray.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
I think the purpose of life is to be useful, to be responsible, to be honorable, to be compassionate. 
Toil and risk are the price of glory, but it is a lovely thing to live with courage and die leaving an everlasting fame.
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.
Your mind transcends limitations, your consciousness expands in every direction, and you find yourself in a new, great, and wonderful world 
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
When you see what you’re here for, the world begins to mirror your purpose in a magical way. 
We seek purpose when we are not in touch with who we really are. 
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life and don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. 
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
True happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
When you discover who you are (at the deepest place of your being) you will find your purpose.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.
Love without action is meaningless and action without love is irrelevant.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Having a vision for your life allows you to live out of hope, rather than out of your fears.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
All of life is a near-death experience.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.
There is a time to let things happen, and a time to make things happen.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
Circumstance does not make the man. Circumstance reveals man to himself.
Time is too slow for those who wait, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance, even celebration of another’s personhood.
It is not how much we do, but how much love we put in the doing. It is not how much we give, but how much love we put in the giving.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they’re not on your road doesn’t mean they’ve gotten lost.
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of Peace.
We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
The purpose of life is not to fight against evil and misfortune; it is to unveil magnificence.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are for.
As we journey along through life, tis the set of the soul that determines the goal.
You often meet your destiny on the road you’ve taken to avoid it.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside awakes.
Wisdom is knowing what path to take next... Integrity is taking it.
We can’t change the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
The meaning of life is to give life meaning.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
It’s never too late to be what you might have been.
Life’s like a movie; write your own ending, keep believing, keep pretending.
Life has meaning only if you do what is meaningful to you.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
There is no security in this life. There is only opportunity.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
The person without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
He who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never do anything.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
It is never too late to become what you might have been.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
He who dares nothing need hope for nothing.
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on.
Life is a journey and if you fall in love with the journey you will be in love forever.
When you return to your old hometown, you find it wasn’t the town you missed, but your childhood.
As we grow old, the beauty steals inward.
Life begins as a quest of the child for the man, and ends as a journey by the man to rediscover the child.
Ultimately your greatest teacher is to live with an open heart.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
We forge the chains we wear in life.
If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never be fulfilled.
Everything is a gift of the universe —even joy, anger, jealously, frustration, or separateness. 
Everything is perfect either for our growth or our enjoyment.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands. 
You seek problems because you need their gifts.
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are.
For me it is sufficient to have a corner by my hearth, a book and a friend, and a nap undisturbed by creditors or grief.
You cannot judge what should bring others joy, and others cannot judge what should bring you joy
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than growing with them.
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.
If you start to think the problem is ‘out there,’ stop yourself. That thought is the problem.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed.
Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
Security is when everything is settled, when nothing can happen to you; security is the denial of life.
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. 
Happiness never decreases by being shared.
In our lives, change is unavoidable, loss is unavoidable. 
In the adaptability and ease with which we experience change, lies our happiness and freedom.
Live with intention. 
Walk to the edge. 
Listen hard. 
Practice wellness. 
Play with abandon.
Choose with no regret. 
Do what you love. 
Live as if this is all there is.
You never regret being kind.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past.
Live in the present moment wisely and earnestly.
True happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Most of us miss out on life’s big prizes, but we’re all eligible for life’s smaller prizes
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it’s greedy or loving
The need for forgiveness is an illusion. There is nothing to forgive.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Reflect upon you present blessings, of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. 
It is far better to take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Much of the stress that people feel doesn’t come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they’ve started.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
All the world’s a stage, and the men and women merely players. 
They have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts.
Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.
Happiness is not having what you want. It is appreciating what you have.
True happiness... arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one’s values.
All this world is but a play... be thou the joyful player.
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Life is beauty, admire it.
Life is bliss, taste it.
Life is a dream, realize it.
Life is a challenge, meet it.
Life is a duty, complete it.
Life is a game, play it.
Life is a promise, fulfill it.
Life is sorrow, overcome it.
Life is a song, sing it.
Life is a struggle, accept it. Life is a tragedy, confront it.
Life is an adventure, dare it.
Life is luck, make it.
Life is too precious, do not destroy it.
Life is life, fight for it.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. 
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
We can have peace if we let go of wanting to change the past and wanting to control the future.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Money doesn’t bring happiness and creativity. Your creativity and happiness brings money.
Happiness is the experience of loving life. 
Being happy is being in love with that momentary experience. 
And love is looking at someone or even something and seeing the absolute best in him/her or it. 
Love is happiness with what you see. So love and happiness really are the same thing... just expressed differently
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
God comforts the disturbed and disturbs the comfortable.
Carefully watch your THOUGHTS, for they become your WORDS. 
Manage and watch your WORDS, for they will become your ACTIONS. 
Consider and judge your ACTIONS, for they have become your HABITS. 
Acknowledge and watch your HABITS, for they shall become your VALUES. 
Understand and embrace your VALUES, for they become YOUR DESTINY.
Wisdom is knowing what path to take next... Integrity is taking it.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
I am not bound to win, I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to the light I have.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. 
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
There is no stress in the world, only people thinking stressful thoughts and then acting on them.
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
We fear that we are inadequate, but our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us.
We ask ourselves: “Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?”
Actually, who are you not to be these things?
You are a child of God.
Your playing small doesn’t serve the world.
There is nothing enlightening about shrinking so that other people around you won’t feel insecure.
We are all meant to shine as children do.
We are born to manifest the glory of God that is within us.
It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone.
And as we let our light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically releases others.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience.
Once you do something you love, you never have to work again.
Take time to work - it is the price of success
Take time to think - it is the source of power
Take time to play - it is the secret of perpetual youth
Take time to read - it is the fountain of wisdom
Take time to be friendly - it is the road to happiness
Take time to love and be loved - it is the nourishment of the soul
Take time to share - it is too short a life to be selfish
Take time to laugh - it is the music of the heart
Take time to dream - it is hitching your wagon to a star
Anything in life that we don’t accept will simply make trouble for us until we make peace with it.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Do what you have always done and you’ll get what you have always got.
The happiness of life is made up of the little charities of a kiss or smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment.
Life isn’t measured by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away.
Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. 
Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it.
To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. Was it worth it?
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
God, grant me serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.
That which does not kill you makes you stronger.
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time; serenity, that nothing is.
In our daily lives, we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
A man who does simply what is required of him will never know peace; for that, he must do all that he can.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
You are responsible for your life. You can’t keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction. Life is really about moving on.
Never take down a fence until you know why it was put up.
If you get too far ahead of the army, your soldiers may mistake you for the enemy.
Don’t complain about the bottom rungs of the ladder; they helped to get you higher.
If you want to enjoy the rainbow, be prepared to endure the storm. 
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
You suck.
Your family is disappointed in you.
Please don't contribute to the gene pool.
Don’t talk to Peter Hwang
You are down and you are sad.
Yesterday is the past. Tomorrow is the future. Today is a gift and that’s why we call it the present.
He who dares nothing need hope for nothing.
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on.
Follow Saheed Travels on facebook
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Be ready when opportunity comes.... Luck is when preparation and opportunity meet.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use being anything else.
What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.
Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Both abundance and lack exist simultaneously in our lives, as parallel realities. 
It is always our conscious choice which secret garden we will tend
The height of your accomplishments is determined by the depth of your convictions.
There are three kinds of people: those who let it happen, those who make it happen, and those who wonder what happened.
It is not in everyone’s power to secure wealth, office, or honors; but everyone may be good, generous, and wise.
If you’re never scared or embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take any chances.
Being defeated is often only a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
Things that are impossible just take longer.
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes.
We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.



